Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
♪ ♪
All right. good news.
I think you guys are in
great shape to start your LLC.
Yeah. with your
combined credit scores
I think you'll have no problem
getting a small business loan
with a manageable
repayment schedule.
And if I may make a suggestion?
You might want to set up
a 529 for your daughter.
That is a college fund
that will accrue interest
tax free and can also
serve as a safety net.
Not that I think you guys
will need it.
This all looks very promising!
Well I'm happy
that you're happy.
Awesome.
Okay. I will send all of this
over this afternoon.
Bye.
[humming]
Happy birthday to you!
Aww. thank you!
Cassie...
This is gorgeous.
I still can't believe you
design these in your spare time.
Yeah.
Best friends forever...
I love you.
And. for your
traditional birthday present...
your files.
You're actually getting
a pretty decent return.
Minus the late penalty.
I'm sorry I'm such a mess.
-Thank you.
-My pleasure.
It's kind of like
a fun challenge.
deciphering all of those
faded receipts.
Like one big chaotic puzzle.
Speaking of big chaotic puzzles.
how did the talk
with Anthony go?
I don't know.
As soon as I broached
the topic of moving in.
he totally shut down.
What if you sat down
and had a frank.
even-keeled conversation?
You know. map it out?
Have you met him?
Have you met me?
Speaking of frank
and even-keeled.
shouldn't it be coming up
on that time
for you and Gordon?
Nope. we are at the
three-and-a-half year mark.
So once we hit four years.
then we're going to touch base
about potentially moving in
together and maybe engagement.
[snoring sound]
Oh wow. cute.
[giggles]
I'm familiar with the contents
of your Life Plan Excel Sheet.
You always have
these logical excuses.
What about the excitement?
The. what's gonna happen next?
That wobbly stomach feeling?
Nausea? Heartburn?
Butterflies!
[cell phone vibrates]
My mom says hi
and happy birthday.
When are you driving up
for the wedding?
Middle of next week.
What's wrong?
It's a good thing. isn't it?
Yes no. absolutely.
It's just happened fast.
I haven't even met
this Henry guy.
Sounds like Bonnie knows
about the wobbly stomach.
Oh. to be continued!
Hi. Marina!
Cassie. yes?
I was actually
hoping to set up a time
to meet with you ahead
of my upcoming review.
You want to review
for your review?
Kind of.
As you know.
I'm interested in moving
into the managerial level
and while I know it is
a little bit early--
By about two years.
Right.
I was hoping to pick your brain
about the kind of work
that I could be doing
to at least get the partners
and your attention.
so they'll at least consider it.
This is an accounting firm.
not America's Got Talent.
You do great work.
Keep it up.
Okay. thank you.
[phone vibrating]
Hey mom. how's it going?
How's Henry?
Oh. he's wonderful.
How's the wedding prep?
Funny you should ask.
Oh. what happened?
My wedding planner took off.
Flew the coop!
What? Why?
She got chosen for one
of these reality shows.
some sort of
camping/survival thing
and they came and swooped her up
and that was that.
That's so weird!
Did she at least
find a replacement?
No. she didn't.
But I did have a thought.
I do know this very organized
and artistic young lady
who would be perfect
for the job.
Perfect! Yeah. who is it?
You!
Are you being serious?
Well. you were almost
an event planner.
You had that big internship!
Which I didn't finish.
And I'm an accountant now.
I work with numbers.
not with flowers and decorations
and tulle. or whatever.
None of that matters.
I'm pretty sure it matters!
Just think: you
can come out this weekend.
tie up loose ends. easy peasy!
And you can get to know Henry.
since you failed to make it out
for my birthday this year.
It'll give you a chance
to approve
of my new husband-to-be!
Yeah. Okay... yeah.
Thanks. honey.
Alright. I love you Mom. bye.
My mom and dad got married
at city hall with no one there.
I think she's just excited to
finally get to have a big day.
I still can't believe you
have this mysterious.
long lost party planning hobby.
It's event planning.
And it wasn't a hobby.
it was what I wanted
to do for awhile.
That internship was actually
kind of a big deal.
But you know.
it wasn't meant to be.
So I changed course.
which brought me to
Perkins and Hill LLP.
where I am the top performer
at my level.
thank you very much.
And it all brought me to you!
So... are you still
coming up Friday.
or can you get away
a little earlier?
The wedding's on Friday. right?
No. on Saturday.
I swore you said Friday.
I had Friday blocked off.
Elliot literally just put
somethingin my calendar--
It's my mom's wedding. Gordon.
Wouldn't you rather spend more
quality time with your mom.
anyway?
I would like to have
my boyfriend by my side.
I know it's not ideal.
[upbeat rock music]
Excuse me. do you mind
if I sit here?
The seating is kind of limited.
Oh yeah no. sure. of course.
Thanks.
Whoa. so close!
Sorry. that was my fault.
No. it's an accident.
Here. I'm donating
my fries to you
for the inconvenience.
It's kind of a win-win.
since these are
some of the best fries
you're ever gonna
have in your life.
You trust Curly's health
and sanitation practices?
I just kind of feel like.
in places like this.
it's best to choose the
hermetically sealed food.
I see. you're one of those.
One of those?
Sorry. that came out
the wrong way.
Of course it's important to keep
one's health and safety in mind.
Especially with a candy bar.
Okay. fine.
You win.
that fry was delicious.
See that's because Curly
uses fresh potatoes.
not the frozen. pre-cut kind.
So you're acquainted
with this Curly?
Yeah. occasionally I drive out
just to eat here. actually.
I'm trying to figure out
his special spice blend.
It's amazing what gems
you can find
in such unexpected places.
Wow. thank you for
the daily aphorism.
Anytime.
Doing some homework. huh?
Yeah.
I'm beginning to wonder
what I got myself into.
That's not a very good sign.
But congratulations?
Oh. no!
No. I'm not the one doing
the getting married.
I'm single.
I mean. I'm not single.
I have a boyfriend.
and we have a plan.
My mistake.
But hot tip: it's actually
"best wishes."
Oh. thanks for the tip.
Thank you for the fries.
I should. probably I should
get going.
Well hey...
good luck with all that.
Thank you. good luck
with your spice quest.
Best wishes!
There she is!
Henry. she's here.
At long last!
I miss one birthday
and I never hear the end of it!
Thank you for swooping in
and saving us!
Oh. yeah.
Cassie. I want you
to meet my fiancé. Henry.
Henry. this is my favorite
only daughter. Cassie.
Who's also our
new wedding planner!
Hey. easy on the titles.
I'm just here to help out
as much as I can.
It's so nice to meet you.
Cassie.
I've heard so much about you.
Any favorite daughter
of Bonnie's
is a favorite daughter of mine!
It's nice to meet you. too.
Come on in.
Hey so tell me.
how was the drive?
I got you all set up
with fresh sheets and towels!
Marrying your father
was the best day of my life.
you know.
And this one coming up
will be too.
Not better or worse.
just different.
But the one
definite bonus is
that I get to spend it
with you!
Well. we'd better
get started then.
What shall we start with first?
-Oh. I have a list.
-Oh. good.
This was our former planner's
work binder.
It should have all the
vendor orders and contacts.
Well. perfect!
At a week out. I assume
we're down to final details.
Well. we're still looking
at caterers. right?
That is a bit of a big detail.
Do you guys have a theme
or a vision for the wedding?
I don't know...
Love?
You know what they say:
love is all you need.
I'm going to go
make some phone calls.
Great!
It's actually time
for our daily cardio.
Right.
Trying to get our
wedding bods in shape!
Oh. very good.
Hey. have a great run.
Alright. ready?
I'll race you to the--
Oh no. I get a head start!
[phone ringing]
Hi. Kyle here.
Hi. I'm calling
about a catering event
for a wedding next weekend.
June 23rd?
The bride's last name
is Mitchell?
Right. yeah.
You said you were going to call
to set up an interview.
but you never did.
Oh. that was the former planner.
I'm the new planner. I'm Cassie.
Oh. well okay.
-Hi. Cassie.
-Hi!
So I have a few questions.
Umm... first off.
What is your
catering company's name?
Shack. Shack Catering.
Very quirky!
Can you tell me a little bit
about your culinary experience?
I attended the Culinary
Institute in New York.
I followed that up with a series
of noteworthy apprenticeships.
One in Paris and
the other in New York.
Okay. well that
sounds promising!
You know. maybe
we could just set up
an in-person interview instead?
Oh. I was just going
to suggest that!
Great. can you actually
meet this afternoon?
I can come to you.
Yeah. why not?
-I'll send you the address.
-Perfect!
I wish you'd just pull
that catering ad.
Why?
We need the extra revenue.
No we don't. we're doing fine.
Barely fine.
Not exactly what every
entrepreneur strives for.
We have a devoted following!
We have a niche following.
We're not supposed
to be a secret club.
Catering could be good to us.
It's free advertising.
Plus. you could
try something new.
Maybe add something new
to the menu.
Maybe something elevated.
You know I hate that term.
What term. elevated?
It's so pretentious and actually
doesn't mean anything.
And there's nothing wrong
with our menu.
There are five mains
on the menu.
There are five great mains!
They haven't changed
in three years.
you gotta be bored
out of your skull.
I'm not bored. no!
I just know what's good.
Why don't you try digging
into your old repertoire?
Let's open dinner
with a different concept!
One thing is for sure.
I never tire of your brisket.
Thank you.
Speaking of brisket.
make me a sandwich.
When this Cassie woman calls.
can you just tell her
I'm in the back?
Make me a sandwich.
Yes. making you
a sandwich brother.
Thank you!
[upbeat rock music]
Hello?
Good afternoon...
Hi.
I'm looking for Shack Catering?
You'll want to talk
to my brother. the chef.
He's on the patio.
Follow me.
Kyle. your three-o-clock
is here!
Hey.
Kyle?
Cassie?
You're a caterer?
And a carpenter?
Oh no no. this is just a hobby.
Is it for your kids?
Oh no. no kids here.
My niece and nephew.
They're Phil's kids.
Oh. okay.
Shall we head inside and chat?
Great. sounds good.
Have a seat.
Thanks.
Phil. would you like to join us?
No I'm just going
to linger awkwardly over here
and read my paper.
He's my brother.
So you're a wedding planner?
Yeah!
No!
I'm a CPA. but my mom's
former planner fell through.
so I'm just helping her out.
That's really nice of you.
So this is our menu.
Fun!
So. Saturday the 23rd?
That's a week from today.
How many guests?
85.
Sorry. I think I misunderstood.
I thought you were
a caterer caterer.
Like canapés and
little baby quiches
and chicken or shrimp.
That doesn't sound
very original.
But it's kind of what
you do for a wedding.
We are flexible and
amenable to requests.
This is what we do best.
And I happen to know
that there are some
very popular brazen trends
in catering right now.
You got food trucks. taco bars.
Why not barbecue?
I get it. yeah.
I think I was just
hoping for something
a little more elevated
for this special occasion.
You had mentioned you have a
background in French cuisine?
Sure.
And I take all those skills
that I learned
and I apply them here.
Food doesn't have to be
elevated to be amazing.
Cool.
Okay well. thank you
for your time.
I have all your info.
I am seeing a couple
of other companies.
so I'll let you know.
It's was nice to meet you again!
Yeah. you too.
It's nice to meet you. Phil.
Buh-bye.
Well. looks like that's that.
Nice work.
Here at the Cozy-Lux Inn.
tables and chairs
are all included.
We have a darling little archway
we can put up for the ceremony.
You're currently signed up
for the silver package.
We do have a gold package
that includes catering.
That's good to know!
I was a little stuck on that.
You can't beat the
convenience and practicality
of keeping vendors in-house.
Sure.
You have a lot of
freedom with decorating.
People like going with balloons!
Was there an event
in here earlier today?
No. why do you ask?
Oh. I'm getting a
strong scent of...
Roast beef?
I like roast beef.
Maybe that's just the smell
of hundreds of happy memories.
Well. I'll let you guys
poke around.
Thank you.
You guys picked this place?
Well. we didn't pick it.
It's what was available.
Ashley mentioned a plan
about decorating
and brightening it up a bit.
Didn't quite see that
in the binder.
I didn't see much in the binder.
The in-house catering
is definitely a plus.
But how would you feel about
looking at other venues?
I'm not sure there are better
options in Meadowville.
Besides. the wedding
is coming up so fast.
The Cozy-Lux makes things easy.
There's no natural light. Mom!
I can't help but think
that there's gotta be
a better option out there.
Something that's more you.
I'm just beginning to think
I'm getting a
little carried away
having a big celebration
in the first place.
I'm no spring chicken
and it's my second wedding.
I'm so excited about Henry.
I was just excited
to do it up for once.
Besides. all that really matters
is that we're all together.
Right?
Well. as your wedding planner.
I'm obliged to tell you that
that is a load of hooey.
Hooey?
[laughing]
Your grandmother really knew
how to throw a party.
She looks so happy!
Oh. I forgot to mention.
Gordon might not be able
to come to the wedding.
-Oh no!
-Yeah.
Is everything okay?
Yeah no. Gordon's fine.
It was just a lapse
in communication
and his work is
at a critical point.
You guys have been together
a long time now.
Don't you think it's time
he popped the question?
I don't think there
will be any pops.
He's not exactly the
romantic showmanship type.
Which is fine.
There's no rush.
Sounds like someone's
putting it off.
[phone rings]
Hello?
Hi Cassie. this is Phil
from Shack Catering.
Hi Phil.
Before you make any
final catering decisions.
I wanted to invite you
to an unofficial menu tasting.
Kyle will be catering an event
and perhaps you could
come by after. say 4PM?
It's at Sycamore Park.
Thanks for letting me know.
I will check with
the bride and groom.
Great.
We'd really love the opportunity
to make your occasion special.
Bye Phil.
Hey. what was that?
I just got you
a second interview.
Look. I know we have our ongoing
banter about business goals.
but the truth is
our finances aren't great.
I know you have your ideals.
but what good are they
if we have to close shop?
Yeah. yeah.
So I have my doubts
about this caterer.
but I wanted to
bring you guys along
just to get the
conversation going.
Great. I'm so excited!
Wait. is Kyle Billings
the caterer we're meeting?
You know Kyle?
Yeah. we eat at The BBQ Shack
all the time.
His barbecue is the best.
It's our favorite!
Well. okay that's good.
Just like hide all
of the excitement.
just in case I still
want to suss things out.
You're the expert. honey.
Hey Kyle.
These are my clients.
Bonnie and Henry.
I know you two!
I didn't realize you
were getting hitched!
-Well congratulations!
-Thank you.
That's great.
Here. come on.
Get out of the rain.
It's rare we get a
sun shower like this.
Thank you.
Here hop in.
Recently I was actually informed
that it's congratulations
to the groom
and best wishes for the bride.
Apparently.
congratulations implies
that the bride is lucky to
have earned the engagement.
So it's probably best to say
best wishes to both.
It should be
congratulations to me!
I'm the one who proposed!
Yep!
She was the hunter and I
was struck by her arrow!
Well today. we have
pork and tri-tip.
I took the liberty
of putting together
a couple of plates for you
along with some sides.
So if you just sit tight.
I'll be right back.
-Thank you.
Good. isn't it?
It is.
I'm just not sure that
it's right for this occasion.
I mean Mom. can you imagine
eating this
in your wedding dress?
Birthday party. yes.
Wedding?
I don't know.
You make a good point.
I think for now maybe
we just keep our eye out
for something a
little more elegant.
Well I for one.
love his cooking.
But you may be right.
Something elegant would
be more fitting.
I noticed the menu at the
Cozy-Lux was more upscale.
I think I even saw
Chicken Kiev on the menu.
Yeah. I like that idea.
Well yeah. we can
keep that in mind.
So you donate everything you
make here to the youth league?
Yeah. all proceeds
go to the Frogs.
It's a little project of mine.
You write it off. right?
Write it off?
Yeah. for taxes.
No. it's not why I do it.
No. of course not.
But there's no reason not to.
If you're not writing it off.
you're actually losing money.
I can't imagine your
profit margins
are exceptionally high
at The Shack.
So you've been speculating
about my profit margins?
I can't help it.
It's my job.
But I''m actually off topic.
If you're still interested
in catering my mom's wedding.
I would love to hire you.
It's clear you care
about what you do.
and I like that.
Are you sure you can handle
my low brow cuisine?
I don't think it's low brow.
That being said. I will
need you to meet me at 23.
actually let's make it 35%
of the way towards high brow.
If only to save on
the dry cleaning costs.
Okay. let's do it.
For Bonnie and Henry.
Okay.
Well now that the catering
is all done.
we just have to find a venue.
I really do think the Cozy-Lux
will be just fine. honey.
As your wedding planner.
I would like to do better
than just fine.
What matters is
we're all together.
Just think. your grandma Eleanor
got married in a barn.
Just shows. anywhere
will work just fine.
Hey. barn weddings are
all the rage right now.
As usual. grandma
was ahead of her time.
My mom and dad's wedding
was outdoors.
sort of a spring festival.
And there was this
huge thunderstorm
that came in right
after the ceremony.
So they had to band together
and move inside her dad's barn.
But according to her.
it was magical.
Well. I have an idea.
[Henry]
It hasn't been in use for years.
[Cassie]
It's perfect actually.
Can I open the other side?
Sure.
Oh. this is fantastic.
Let's say we wanted
to rent this space out.
Could we maybe clean some
of this stuff out of the way?
Do some painting and mending?
You can do anything you like.
it's a barn.
Oh honey. let's be reasonable.
Okay so it might be a little
hard to imagine.
but try and picture this place
all cleaned out and decorated.
We could add the market lights
for the reception.
It'll be beautiful.
It'll be rustic chic!
Grounded and earthy.
with a little nod to vintage.
You know. a subtle interplay
of sophistication and whimsy.
just like you.
That's very true.
What do you think?
I love it.
It's a lot of work.
You're not going to try
and do it alone. are you?
Hey.
Did I miss a meeting?
No. I'm just dropping by.
I wanted to express
how excited I am
that you're catering
the wedding.
And also to talk to you about
an additional opportunity.
I found the perfect venue.
but I may need
a hand prepping it.
And maybe like a bit
of carpentry work.
Which of course. is why
I thought of you.
And if you'd be willing
to help me out.
then I would obviously
pay you for your time.
Also in return.
I could help you
get your business finances
in order.
No charge.
You're obviously very talented
and I think this place
could thrive.
You see. that's the thing.
I have to run this place
on top of the catering duties.
I could fill in!
It's about time
I pulled my weight.
We could really use the
financial consulting. Kyle.
Go. have fun.
make dreams come true!
Okay.
Let's do it.
Alright. go hang up that apron.
Okay!
Thank you.
Okay. so I know it needs
a little bit of work. but...
People travel from all over
for the perfect
rustic chic experience.
And we have it right here!
Now. it just needs
a little bit of love. you know?
Picture this all cleared out.
A light breeze.
some string lights.
maybe a little backup ambiance
from some fireflies.
Alright.
Where do we start?
Yeah. alright!
There are so many options here.
but I'm thinking that if we do
the ceremony in this area.
then by later on
in the evening--
No. this is working so far.
Okay.
I did a some scene design
for theatre
in high school and college.
so...
Why didn't you pursue it
as a career?
Oh. I did!
Well. I almost did.
I wanted to be an event planner.
Which is. I guess.
why my mom thought
I'd be any good at this.
Well. seems to me to me
like you're doing just fine.
Thank you.
Did you want to add anything
to the list for
the hardware store?
Sure. let's take a look.
This is a lot of paint.
Yeah. I thought it might be nice
to add some swaths
of light paint.
Maybe like an eggshell.
just brighten
the place up a bit.
Or you could just let the
natural wood do its own thing
and not try to make it
be something it isn't?
Do its own thing?
Yeah. if you're going rustic.
go rustic.
Right. but you don't want
to forget about the chic.
And besides. I'm not
talking about
painting the whole
barn. just accents.
Is a barn really a place
for accents. though?
Well as the designer.
I think that I would like--
Not to quibble here.
but in this instance.
aren't you the coordinator
and I'm the designer?
As far as the structure
is concerned?
You hired me for a reason.
right?
Okay well. let's table this.
Great idea.
We're getting ahead
of ourselves anyway.
Absolutely.
-I'll just be over here.
-Yeah. great.
A little more to my side.
I've gone ahead
and put in an order
for the rose-gold
chiavari chairs.
But the question is.
do I go with the round
or the circular?
All right. what do you think
is under this thing?
Something harmless.
Yeah sure. something harmless.
Okay on three.
The real question is:
why chiavari chairs?
Oh. they're beautiful.
They have these
gorgeous ornate backs.
-I'll show you a photo.
-No. I know what they are.
Don't you think they're
sort of a little expected?
One. two. three.
-I can't believe you!
If by expected.
you mean classic.
No. I don't.
I'm going to do it this time.
you're gonna listen.
-Promise?
-Promise.
On three.
Okay well. I think
we can agree that
this isn't a structural
design element.
You follow me. promise?
Yup.
On three. One... two... three!
See? Harmless.
Its such a shame that we have
the ability to do anything
and you just want to play it
so by the book.
What is wrong with
playing by the book?
We're going to
haul this out of here.
Why? It's a barn wedding.
Isn't this part
of the aesthetic?
What do you want. people
just hanging out on hay bales?
Yes.
No.
You know. kids can play
on it and stuff.
Please!
Really?
No.
Okay. you're the boss.
I am the boss.
I'm the boss.
[phone ringing]
What up. Wedding Planner
to the Stars?
Ha. not quite!
How's it going?
Oh. it's good.
I've definitely took a lot on.
but it's actually kind of cool.
Do you at least have help?
Yeah. I have this
caterer-carpenter person.
Person? Interesting.
He's definitely
not short on input.
I'll tell you one thing
I don't miss about theatre.
artistic temperaments.
I doubt you don't miss them.
You sound... something.
Something?
Yeah. energized?
Fluttery?
I guess I'm just excited
this is all actually
kind of coming together.
Speaking of.
the reason I called.
I might have a fun opportunity.
How would you feel about
DJ-ing my mom's wedding?
You could come down
the day before.
dust off the old equipment?
-It would be an honor!
-Yes!
I'll start putting
a playlist together.
Okay. bye.
Yes!
Did you see we finally
got our poster from London?
No. I didn't.
It's right here.
Oh wow!
I don't know why. I always
thought it was Twelfth Night.
Nope. I met Henry at
A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Life imitating art!
What do you mean?
Oh you know. like all the
little errors and mishaps
that brought us together.
The course of true love
never did run smooth.
I don't know that I know this.
Besides the confusion
of the night my ticket was for.
luckily they let me in
on that Saturday.
Three seats away from me.
But then there was that young
couple that were flirting.
so they wanted to
sit next to each other.
so we all moved around one way.
Then things went sour and
they wanted to move apart.
Just like the two couples
in the play.
So then just somehow.
through all the shuffling.
I ended up next to your mother.
And what can I say?
The magic of the play
just washed over us.
As if Puck cast a
spell on us as well!
You know. Cassie did
the set design
for A Midsummer Night's Dream
in high school
and that little high school
is what started my enthusiasm
for The Bard.
Oh?
In fact. I dare say
that production stood up
to the one we saw.
I dare say you're a bit biased.
Of course.
It sounds like you're making
unnecessary work for yourself.
Yeah. but you had to see it.
Those carpets were awful.
and there was no natural light.
I want to make it
special for her.
Anyways. any luck on Saturday?
Did you get a chance
to move that meeting?
No. I doubt it'll change.
I thought we were settled
on that. anyways.
Yeah. but I thought you
would at least try.
We'll see each other
soon enough.
That's not the point.
You know...
I think I just need
some time to think about us.
I thought we were okay.
I don't know.
I'll call you when I get back
to Chicago on Sunday.
Okay.
Okay. bye.
[bell ringing]
It's just that
it's her special day.
so I want something nice.
Like. maybe a slightly
refined version of your menu.
Maybe like something with dough
or little cakes.
or you know what I'm picturing?
A fancy pop tart.
You really don't know anything
about cuisine. do you?
No. that's why I have you!
[bell ringing]
Don't do that.
I once went to this wedding
where they had these cute
mini egg rolls.
Absolutely not.
I will not make
anything with cute. little.
or mini in front of it.
And nothing with toothpicks!
Wow. what did hors d'oeuvres
ever do to you?
Terrible things.
No. I just think that those
things are fake sophisticated.
There's no art. there's no soul.
Food should just be honest
with itself!
Yes Cassie. beware all
the maniacal food out there
lying to itself!
You're an enigma. Kyle.
You're like a snob.
but a snob about
not being a snob.
But also. kind of a snob.
[phone vibrating]
Oh sorry it's just work.
one second...
You couldn't get time off
for your mom's wedding?
No. I did.
I'm just up for a promotion.
so I don't want my work
to lag too much.
And normally. I find it
quite soothing.
Explain.
It's just satisfying when all
the numbers shake out.
It's like. everything just lines
up.
It's like everything
is going to be okay.
That's...
astonishingly... dorky.
Speaking of...
I think it's my turn to hold up
my end of the bargain.
Shall we take a gander
at last year's taxes?
Can't wait.
-You mean now?
-Yeah.
This is your filing cabinet?
Okay look. I understand
your skepticism.
but everything has
been running just fine.
We pay our bills.
we haven't been burned down.
If it ain't broke...
Besides. I do have a system.
Tax returns are in April.
So that's about a fourth of
the way up from the bottom.
Okay.
Would you hold this. please?
Explain what's going
on back there.
That's the kitchen.
This is the line.
this is the grill.
That's the fridges--
That's not what I meant.
I can't help but notice that it
is especially orderly in there.
Well. that's mise en place.
It's a system. or philosophy
that chefs use.
It means everything
in its place.
If everything is in its place.
then there is order.
and you know.
service is that
much more smoother.
It's an ethical code. really.
Right.
Anywhere else you could
maybe apply that philosophy?
Also. I know what a
mise en place is. dummy.
I've seen the food network.
Excuse me. dummy?
I hate to say it.
but you might need to pull back
on the charity gigs.
No. it's not an option.
Why not?
Because it's too
important to me.
I don't see the point
in doing any of this
if I'm not giving back
in some way.
I understand that.
but you can't sustain it
unless you offset it
with more revenue.
That is just math.
But I understand
it's a lot to take in.
Question?
Yeah?
Why all the reluctance
to anything
upscale or elevated?
It's this assumption
that upscale is better.
I'll give you a perfect example.
I have been perfecting my
barbecue sauce for years.
And there's just as
much reverence in that
that there is in any
foie gras foam. or whatever.
Your barbecue sauce
is pretty good.
What's in it?
I'll tell you what's in it:
Lyon. Paris. New York.
my childhood.
Years of searching.
you name it.
So it's a secret and
you're never going to tell me.
No. I just like putting soul
and perfection in the familiar.
Besides. it's more accessible.
It can reach more people.
Fair enough...
Tell me what you see.
The front of a restaurant.
Yeah. but how would I know that?
Does it look inviting?
Well. it doesn't have to.
It's the food that matters.
Word of mouth. right?
Plus this storefront
doesn't protest too much.
I think that you should invest
in some signage
that really represents you
and what you do.
You can't afford to overlook
the walk in business.
Are you being an accountant
right now. or a designer?
An accountant. and a friend.
You do amazing things here.
We need to get more people
to experience it!
I'll think about it.
I will take that.
That's amazing.
That's homemade?
Oui madame.
I didn't even know
butterscotch pudding
could be homemade.
Yeah well. I'm full
of surprises.
So tell me about your boyfriend.
Oh. well his name is Gordon.
He's an engineer.
And he's working in
app development right now.
He must be pretty excited
to see your work at the wedding.
He won't be at the wedding.
Work stuff.
But it's probably for the best.
I can just focus
on the planning.
Yeah. that sounds practical.
So what do you think about
your mom and Henry's
whirlwind romance?
Meeting in London on vacation
and six months later
getting married?
It's a bold move.
But no. my mom.
she's a smart lady.
Well. you can't deny it.
They are pretty cute.
They are.
Hey. want to join me and Henry
for a game of Monopoly?
You can show him your
cutthroat accounting skills.
I wish.
Yeah I can't. I'm sorry. Mom.
I gotta work.
Okay. just wanted to check.
Don't work too hard.
-Hey bro.
-Hey buddy.
Is that what I think it is?
Don't get too excited.
don't read into it too much.
I went in to Des Moines today
and I was just feeling inspired.
Inspired. huh?
That's some French Brie.
right there.
Hey.
Hey. good morning.
Good morning.
I'm sorry I'm so late.
I was up late last night
doing work
and I fell asleep
without setting my alarm.
What's going on?
The market lights arrived today.
Oh!
Inspired me to run
some more electricity.
That's a good idea.
Incidentally. I had
another good idea.
Here. follow me.
Okay.
Okay. I still feel like
the space is too tight
for both the reception
and the ceremony.
so what if instead of renting.
we just build the tables?
That might be a touch too DIY.
Hear me out.
We could easily build long.
farm-style tables.
flanking the sides.
Ronald has the lumber.
and we can use barrels
as support.
Then we could offset
the roughness
with your chiavari chairs.
This would leave room
for the ceremony.
So do we use the chairs
for the ceremony
and then we move them?
Either way. for the reception.
we've just got to clear out this
whole middle space for dancing.
[laughing]
I also thought that
we should probably make
some decisions
regarding food service.
Okay.
I feel like I'm a little torn.
because full service
is a little advantageous
presentation-wise.
It just feels
stuffy for our concept.
What if we did family style?
Really?
I assumed that you would think
that would be too casual.
A buffet would be too casual.
but family style is communal.
It seems perfect.
We just agreed on something.
That's a first.
It is.
What are you thinking.
long or short?
I'm not sure.
I personally think that you
could rock the knee-length.
What is it?
Are you getting the
pre-wedding jitters?
We're wedding dress shopping.
This is supposed to be
the most magical part
of the wedding prep.
I just had a flash of wishing
we were shopping
for your wedding dress.
I'm hardly a spinster. mom.
I just want you to feel as head
over heels as I do now.
Who says I'm not?
Well. it's been a while
since I've seen your eyes
light up.
So are you thinking
contemporary. or vintage?
What do you think of Henry?
I think he's great.
He very obviously adores you.
I'm still just
getting to know him.
Are you?
I've kind of been busy
planning your fabulous wedding.
And by yours.
I mean yours and his.
I know.
But I was just wondering
if I could ask you
to make more of
an effort with him.
Nothing huge. just an effort.
It would mean the world to me.
Yeah of course. Mom.
On one condition.
What?
You get excited about the
wedding dress shopping!
Okay. what do you have in mind?
So. what's the deal
with you and the ladies?
You got anything on the grill?
You know. cause you own
a barbecue restaurant...
with a grill?
[making grill noises]
I had a kind of big relationship
a few years back.
But it ended.
[making grill noises]
That's enough.
I know I've been asking
a lot of you lately.
but I was wondering
if you'd offer
to go with Henry
to the suit fitting?
It just occurred to me
that he's new here
and doesn't yet have a Cassie.
Of course!
It occurred to me the other day
that it must be hard for you.
Building this whole celebration
for your mom
marrying someone
who isn't your dad.
It has its moments.
You know. letting Henry in
doesn't mean that
you're betraying your dad.
It doesn't mean that
you're erasing his memory.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have that.
No. I'm glad you did.
Well before we call it a day.
there are still some
serious nuts and bolts
that need to be figured out.
What?
We need to figure out
if this space
is roomy enough for dancing.
Oh. knock yourself out.
Oh. I will!
[dance music
playing over speakers]
Come on. you gotta join me!
We need to perform
this important test.
or the whole thing falls apart!
Only if you promise to
stop doing whatever that is.
I can't promise anything.
♪ ♪
Do you think a disco ball
will work with our concept?
I think I'll pass on that.
[phone ringing]
It's just a telemarketer.
Well there's definitely room
for the dancing.
Aha!
Come on slow poke.
Where's Henry?
He can't keep up with me.
I was leading all the way.
Yeah right.
What are you thinking?
It's going to look pretty good
when we're all done.
But?
But I wish I could find a way
to make it special.
I think it is going
to be pretty special.
It's going to be a beautiful
rustic chic wedding.
just like the magazines.
But I wish I could find a way
to make it special for them.
Personal.
Now that's the mark
of a truly great planner.
I think.
Ideally. you can surprise
the bride and groom
with something they
didn't even know they wanted.
Something unexpected
and magical.
Cassie...
I like our pluck.
But now I think
you're just getting greedy.
It's your first event
and we're a few days away
from the wedding.
Do you know what we need?
We need to clear out
the cobwebs.
Oh. we did plenty of that.
No. I'm not talking about that.
We should just get out of here.
We need to stop looking at it
so hard.
What do you say we go
on a field trip?
We'll just take the day off.
Only this time.
let me be the event planner.
-Works for me.
-Great.
Follow me.
I didn't even know
this place was here.
Hidden gems.
You like tracking these kinds
of places down. don't you?
Oh yeah!
I kind of look at them
as the underdogs of the
culinary world. you know?
Just waiting to be discovered.
Which I would like to remind you
is not a good business model.
But you were right.
this Italian beef is real good.
Better than I've had in Chicago.
I know. right?
By the way.
did you ever figure out
Curly's secret spice blend?
Not yet.
What?
No...
You're interesting is all.
Interesting?
Yeah.
You certainly know how
to compliment a guy.
No. it is a compliment.
You're full of all these
little contradictions.
You have four things
on your menu--
Five things.
Sorry. five things on your menu.
which you are
quite stubborn about.
But then you do things like
traveling halfway
across the state
to study roadside diner fries.
It's... interesting.
Well. speaking
of contradictions--
Oh. here we go.
How did you go from scene design
and maybe event planning.
to being an accountant?
Well. back in high school
I did rock the math portion
of the academic decathlon.
Thank you very much.
Yeah. I bet you did.
But I also did
scene design for theatre.
And in college. too.
I loved creating
these designs and concepts
for the shows so much
that I thought.
how cool would it be to create
that kind of transformative
magic for real people
during these big moments
in their lives?
So. right out of college.
I got this big internship
that would've. umm...
But that was the same summer
my dad passed away.
So you know.
I had just graduated
and then all of a sudden.
life seemed a little messy
and chaotic and scary.
So in that moment. I chose
the more stable and safe route.
How long ago was that?
Ten years.
Feels like yesterday.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Thanks.
You know. I always thought that
lavender ice cream
would taste like soap.
But you're right.
this is delicious.
And this place is beautiful.
Thank you for bringing me here.
I just was really in it
for the ice cream.
Fair.
So. did you always
want to be a chef?
Yeah. since I was a kid.
My mom was a genius cook.
She studied in France.
much longer than I did.
Anyway. I was just
this really anxious kid.
Anytime I'd get
really stressed out.
she'd just surprise me
with my favorite dessert.
Butterscotch pudding...
Oh?
Yeah. the same one
from the other night.
And. like as soon
as I would taste it.
I just knew that everything
was going to be okay.
You know?
And that's what I want
to do for other people.
What?
No. I'm trying to see
that anxious kid.
I maybe see him in there.
Thank you...?
Hey. can you hold
that for a second?
I've just got something
in my boot.
You had one job!
I'm so sorry!
Do you want to go back
and get another one?
No. the line up is so huge.
I really wanted you
to taste that one.
Okay here. share mine.
Well now we have
to go get another one.
We're in it together...
So out of all the
set designs you made.
what would you say
your favorite one is?
Oh. easy.
Senior year of high school.
I did A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Explain.
Well. you know how
a lot of the play
takes place in the woods?
It's where fairies are
and all the magic happens.
The theatre in my high school
was pretty small.
so I ended up building
the set around the audience.
Sort of envelop them
in the magic of the woods.
I had like twinkle lights
for stars.
and vines everywhere.
You could almost smell
the summer night.
It was rough around the edges.
but it was earnest.
Listen. I've got a confession
I've got to make.
This is my first
real catering gig.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Phil just kept putting
advertisements in the newspaper
and yours was the first one
to amount to anything.
You just seemed to know
so much about weddings.
Yeah. it's because
I planned my own.
I didn't know you
had been married.
No. I never was.
My ex-fiancé called it off
at the last minute.
It was the day before. actually.
It was a big celebration.
an elaborate design.
Chiavari chairs and everything.
We had planned to move
to New York.
We both had big jobs lined up.
I just ended up staying here.
I'm so sorry. I had no idea.
So this job must be
hard for you.
No. it isn't actually.
It's kind of like
exorcising demons!
And I've had great company.
Me too.
Come on. I want to show
you something.
-Okay.
-Come on!
What is this?
Just a side project
I've been working on for fun.
For fun?
This is spectacular.
I just I threw it together
with some spare lumber.
Why would you keep this
to yourself?
Oh. this light is perfect.
I think we need to have
the ceremony here.
Do you think
we'll need to decorate?
Some flowers and candles.
but this is perfect!
I mean the barn is
a five minute walk.
So people can just caravan
between the two spaces.
It's like A Midsummer
Night's Dream.
You are a genius!
I can't believe I didn't
think about this myself.
I mean the barn will
still need some work.
but it'll be totally worth it!
The course of true love
never did run smooth!
Wait. wait...
I need more information!
You know it's two days
before the wedding. right?
Oh. I know!
So what about the all
the work we've done?
It stays!
We just integrate these elements
into what we already have.
We're just bringing
the outside in
and adding a little magic!
We're going to make
flowers and leaves
from crepe paper and fabric
and then we intertwine
everything with fairy lights.
And it's like
the forest is aglow.
Alright.
Let's make magic.
♪ ♪
Alright. it's time.
These guys gotta go.
Are you sure?
I mean. I know we settled
on chiavari chairs.
but just look at these things.
They're so soft and bouncy
and aromatic.
Well. if you like
the smell that much...
Oh. you want to play
that game. do you?
[screaming and giggling]
Truce!
Okay. truce.
Hello?
[together]
Hey!
Hey guys.
I thought I'd bring by
some lunch for my worker bees.
Great. thanks.
Yeah. we were
just moving the hay.
Working. working hard.
-Yum...
-Gotta eat.
-Here you go. hungry?
-Thank you.
Hey...
Oh. hey!
How are you feeling?
Ready? Excited?
Yeah. all of the above.
I am really excited
for you guys to see
the new ceremony space
and the barn.
We added some elements I think
you guys are going to love.
I'm sure it'll be wonderful.
Your mom showed me some pictures
of your past scene design work.
It was truly impressive!
Thank you.
Sometimes I miss it.
And knowing Bonnie.
I'll bet she talked to you.
urging you to try real hard
to connect with me.
She may have.
Look. all I know is it moved
pretty quick for Bonnie and me.
so it must be lightning quick
for you.
So... no rush.
I'll be here.
Take your time.
-Thank you. Henry.
-Yeah.
Okay. see you later.
Talk to you later.
Hello?
-Hey.
You look nice.
Thank you.
What's going on?
Well. I thought we would do
an unofficial menu tasting.
I'm still tweaking some things.
so I'd love to
get some feedback.
You'll really do anything
to avoid working on the books.
No comment.
I told you I trust you.
you didn't have to do all this.
I know. I just thought
it'd be fun.
I like the string lights.
by the way.
You should keep them.
Yeah. I was just auditioning
them. but yeah maybe.
Here. let me...
Thank you.
And I'll be right back.
Wow. I honestly thought
we were just going
with the standard menu.
Well. I wanted to try
some things.
Well thank you.
this is very nice.
Herbed Gougère?
The "h" is silent.
I don't know.
Looks an awful lot
like an hors d'oeuvre.
Well. it 100% is
an hors d'oeuvre.
I don't even recognize
you anymore.
Kyle. that is so good!
And this here is a caramelized
leek and cheese soufflé.
Let me know if the cheese
is too sharp.
This...
this is all incredible.
What brought it on?
I don't know. I was just
feeling inspired. I guess.
By you. actually.
And what you've created
for your mom.
It's extraordinary.
Thank you.
This is extraordinary.
If I may say.
you can do no wrong putting
any one of those items
on the everyday menu.
They'd be a hit.
Baby steps.
I cannot believe the wedding
is the day after tomorrow.
I know. me neither.
Are you excited to go back
to your normal life?
No.
I feel like I've
just been in this
amazing. creative universe
this past week.
It's really been a dream.
It just feels surreal that
I'm going to have to wake up
and go back to Chicago.
to the firm.
You liked your life back there.
I do. yeah.
No. everything's great.
My job is great.
I'm great at my job.
Yeah no. everything's great.
Great.
It's just that this
has been special.
Yeah.
I think I know what you mean.
Well. I've got to get going.
I still have some work
to do tonight
and I my mom's dress fitting
in the morning.
I'm really excited
about the new menu. Kyle.
[phone ringing]
Hi Marina.
Hi Cassie.
Sorry to call so late.
I was just thinking of
the little query we had
in the hallway
about a couple weeks back.
As it turns out. we're doing
an investigative audit
for one of our new clients
and we are stretched quite thin.
Now I know you're with family.
but if I could send you
a few things.
your efficiency
would be an asset
and it would serve your cause.
Yeah. of course.
Yeah. absolutely.
Fantastic. I will send you
the documents.
Okay. awesome!
Thank you. Marina.
Oh no!
The fitting. Mom. the fitting!
I'm so sorry!
Honey. it's okay.
You looked so tired.
I didn't want to wake you.
Besides. you will get
to see it at the wedding!
Yeah. but I wanted to be there.
It's an important part
of the process!
It's okay.
Seriously. all good!
Do you have another wedding?
Just kidding.
[laughter]
Alright. thanks a lot everyone.
I'll get that out
to you right away.
Okay. bye.
How's it going?
I'm upset with myself.
I missed my mom's
fitting this morning
because of this all
this last minute work.
I'm so sorry.
I can't believe
this is almost over.
Well it doesn't have to be.
What do you mean?
We've got to acknowledge
that something happened here.
Something?
You said it yourself last night.
something special.
You said that creating
this has made you feel
like you were in a dream
you couldn't wake up from.
So why wake up?
Well. because I have
to get back to my life.
Yeah. but you were
on that path before.
Why not try it again?
Well. that's a nice thought.
But I chose a different path.
A great path.
So I've got to stick with it.
Okay.
I just really like
collaborating with you.
I really believe in you.
I really believe in you. too.
I couldn't have done
all of this without you.
Are you going to be able to make
the rehearsal dinner tonight?
I'll be busy prepping.
But hey. if I get a break.
maybe I can make dessert.
[phone vibrating]
Hi. Gordon?
You're where?
Okay. guess I'll see you soon.
That was Gordon.
he's in Meadowville.
He just got in.
I guess he's going to
make the wedding after all.
That's my cue.
Time to cater.
-Hey you.
-Hey.
Surprise!
Yeah...
I got these for
the wedding planner!
Thank you.
This is a surprise.
I could tell it
meant a lot to you.
so I worked it out.
You did all this?
Yeah. well with a little help.
The concept is
A Midsummer Night's Dream.
You did all this decorating?
Yeah.
It was just a
plain old barn before.
Who are you and
what have you done
with my girlfriend?
We should probably
head back to the house
if we're going to get ready
for the rehearsal dinner.
And by the time they had
switched seats three times.
I knew I was sitting next
to a very special lady.
And if they dared asked me to
move again. it wasn't happening.
I was leaving and I was
taking Bonnie with me.
Who are you looking for?
Your caterer-carpenter person?
No.
He's prepping for the wedding.
so I don't know
if he's gonna make it.
That's too bad.
So what's up with you
and Gordon?
I don't know...
I was surprised
he even showed up.
Good surprised?
Or maybe not...
If you find love. rush to it.
Head on!
Right now.
I love you. Bonnie.
I love you too.
Cheers.
Cheers!
So what's going on?
I know things have been
strained between us lately.
And it occurred
to me that. maybe.
I have been misreading
what you want.
I know we had a plan
to hold off.
but I've was thinking...
Maybe it's not about a plan.
I don't have a ring right now.
but maybe that's apropos?
Maybe it'll make a good story?
You know me...
I'm normally not into
these rituals or conventions.
but I could be
into them for you.
Because I don't want
to lose you.
So. Cassie Mitchell.
will you marry me?
Will you stand up?
Please.
Your proposal had so many
maybes and disclaimers in it.
I can't marry you Gordon.
but I don't think that you
want to marry me. either.
We have both been so good
at coming up with
all these logical reasons as to
why we haven't gotten here yet.
Preparing for this wedding
and seeing my mom's big love.
it's made it really hard
to ignore the fact
that we haven't been right
together for awhile.
And I don't think I've even
fully been myself in awhile.
So... I can't.
I'm sorry. Gordon.
I just wanted to say
that I'm happy for you.
It seems like you've really
found something here.
Also that barn was
really amazing. Cassie.
I'm sorry I was so
dismissive this afternoon.
and before that.
Thank you Gordon.
that means a lot.
Drive safe.
[car starting]
-Hey. Cassie.
-Hey.
Came to check on the catering
and the caterer
I'm gonna take a little break.
Okay.
Hello.
Hey.
You look like you're in
a really good mood.
Yeah. surprisingly I am.
You want to maybe take a break?
Get some cake from
the rehearsal dinner?
Clear the cobwebs?
No. I already went.
Oh. that's weird.
I didn't see you there.
I saw you.
What's going on. what's wrong?
I'm just concentrating
on my work.
You let me know if you need
anything
as far as the catering goes.
Hey.
What's going on?
Oh nothing.
Did something happen
with Cassie?
I don't know.
I don't think anything
really ever happened.
She's got a boyfriend.
No. a fiancé.
So nothing's going to happen.
You've been different this week.
I saw you brought out
the old books.
It was kind of exciting.
I was hoping you were back.
What do you mean. back?
You're my brother. Kyle.
and I love you.
But this place has
been a time capsule
of your heartbreak
for three years.
I want better for you.
You're going to have to
put yourself back out there.
I did. and it didn't work.
You told her how you feel?
Not exactly.
You're killing me. man.
Listen. I only know what I know.
But I definitely sensed
the mutual chemistry there.
And even if it comes to nothing.
at least you had
the feelings again.
That's something. right?
I think we should
call it for tonight.
I'll see you bright and early.
Thanks.
You made it!
Hey!
So you got that
playlist ready to go?
I got you. girl. I got you!
Where's your
caterer-carpenter person?
Oh. he'll be around.
I'm sure he'll bust
a few moves for you.
Oh. can't wait.
-What's this do?
-Hey. stop it.
Maybe on the back wall.
[phone vibrating]
Hey Henry?
I'll be right there.
What's the problem?
She came straight
from the hairdresser.
She's in your room.
[door knocking]
Hey mom. can I come in?
Please come in.
I am sorry.
I just had to hide out
for a minute
in the one room
that hasn't changed.
That's okay.
What's going on?
I can't do it.
I can't marry Henry.
Why. what happened?
I went to pick up
his shoes today
and the clerk asked me
what size shoe he wore.
And I didn't know!
Because I don't.
I've only known him
for six months.
What am I doing?
I have to admit that
at the beginning.
I was a little bit skeptical.
But you two are perfect.
He is crazy about you
and you're crazy about him.
Do you think maybe
the whole wedding whirlwind
got you spooked?
Probably.
You know. I look at you
and you are so careful
with your choices.
That is the adult way to be.
Like you and Gordon.
Well. Gordon and I
broke up last night.
I am so sorry.
See. that is another
bad sign for today.
No. that is a good sign.
I feel kind of free.
Like I don't know
what's going to happen next
and for the first time.
that's exciting!
Can I show you something?
Yeah. I would love that.
This is gorgeous.
It's A Midsummer Night's Dream!
I was inspired by you guys.
By the way you met.
your love. your shared passion.
I just thought that
maybe if you saw it.
it would remind you.
But that being said.
if you don't want to get
married. you don't have to.
Everyone can just go home.
No. I want to marry Henry.
I love him.
This is wonderful!
You are such a
wonderful daughter.
Let me show you around.
You look beautiful. Mom.
So do you. honey.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. I'm just
going to miss this.
And Kyle...
Does he know how you feel?
I don't know.
I was going to tell him
last night.
but something changed.
Does he know you're
not with Gordon anymore?
No. but I don't want
to complicate things.
Besides. it's your wedding day.
so I'm going to
be focusing on you.
Let's go get you married before
you change your mind again!
Go. let's do it!
[applause]
So what do you think?
It's so glorious.
so imaginative!
How did you come up with this?
I was inspired by you guys.
How you met.
I feel so honored.
I'm glad you're here. Henry.
I'm really happy that you
and my mom fell in love.
Welcome to the family.
Thank you.
[glasses clink]
Cheers.
Everyone loved the food.
A woman from the Cozy-Lux Inn
just asked me if
you'd be interested
in catering events for them.
Someone else just asked me
if you'd be interested
in servicing Chicago.
This could be a big deal.
Yeah well. I'm just really happy
for Bonnie and Henry.
You really did it. man.
You should be proud.
I couldn't have done it
without you bro. seriously.
And Cassie.
Cheers bud.
Cheers.
[phone vibrating]
Hi Marina.
Hi Cassie.
I hope this isn't a bad time.
I just wanted to call
and let you know
that I'm putting in paperwork
to fast track your promotion.
Really great work
these last few days.
Thank you.
That's great news!
Okay. buh-bye.
Hey.
Wow. looks like it worked out.
It did.
I really couldn't
have done it without you.
And the ceremony in the woods
was just beautiful.
They look so happy.
Yeah.
Where's Gordon?
He had a work emergency
in Chicago.
Do you think he would
mind if we danced?
Nope.
Your food was a hit.
I owe that all to you.
I guess I did need
that little push.
You know. I could be persuaded
to add one or two of
those items to the menu.
Maybe as specials?
I got the promotion. by the way.
Cassie that's amazing.
congratulations.
You'll be great no matter
what you do.
When do you leave?
Tomorrow.
Bye. honey.
Hey there. Kyle.
Hey. Henry.
I just wanted to stop by
and thank you again for
your delicious food last night.
So. I guess Cassie's on her
way out of town?
That she is.
I just hope she can
get some rest.
What with planning a wedding
and going through a
break up at the same time.
What?
Oh. she and that Gordon fellow
broke up a day
before the wedding.
You didn't know?
No!
I think it's a good thing.
They didn't seem like a match.
I gotta go.
Thank you!
She has about
20 minutes on you.
Excuse me...
Do you mind if I sit here?
Kyle? What are you doing here?
I came to find you.
You're headed in
the wrong direction.
What do you mean?
On the highway?
Yeah. just in general.
Look. I made a mistake
and I owe you an apology.
I'm so sorry for
the other night.
I thought you and Gordon
had gotten engaged.
and I acted like a child.
The truth is.
I came over with the
intention of telling you
how I really feel and
I thought I was too late.
How you really feel?
You said this week
has felt like a dream
you didn't want to wake up from.
Well. I feel it too.
About being with you.
So you can't go back to Chicago.
You need to stay here.
Okay?
I want you to help me out
with my bookkeeping.
and I just really want you
to be my girlfriend.
And I just really want
to kiss you.
You want some fries?
Guys. we just had
our highest sales
in the history
of the restaurant!
I credit the specials.
And we just got our
first event client.
Confirmed!
The Cedar Rapids wedding.
That's amazing!
It says here they heard
our barbecue was resplendent.
Resplendent? Wow...
This keeps getting
better and better.
Did you two settle
on a business name yet?
Why. yes we did.
Elevated Celebrations.
♪ ♪